If we look around in our application we got a Sign-Up screen a log in screen and a training screen and
all of that.
Of course also in our response.
Let's lay out here.
Now we can start a training do our dialogue here where we want to quit or not and never quit or continue.
So this is all working.
Now one thing is missing.
Obviously if we quit here we don't see past exercises.
We got no content here.
Now before we add days where we will use a really cool and behind the scenes more complex to us not
really complex component.
I wonder why are all these things up with real data and use less dummy data.
Time to add some services and make sure that everything interacts smoothly once this is done we will
implement does table component and thereafter we'll all see how we can actually connect everything to
the Internet.
So the next module is time to wire everything up.